README.md, before:

# Syncing up my various config files between computers

Setting up a new computer for work, and trying to find a better way to sync my tools and settings from home.

# Included Files:

## aText
* **Data.atext** <br />
  Settings and all my expandable text snippets from aText.

## iTerm2
* **Colors Folder**
  * **ForTheFishies.itermcolors** <br />
    Updated version of michelle that I like better when running asciiquarium. Brighter.
  * **michelle.itermcolors** <br />
    Custom colors I use in iterm.
* **com.googlecode.iterm2.plist** <br />
  Preference sync from iterm.
* **Resources.md** <br />
  Mostly links for things I found helpful while setting up iterm.

## ZSH
* **Themes Folder** <br />
  Contains theme(s) I have created.
  * **amichelle.zsh-theme** is my first and the one I currently use. Shows gitbranch and adds a red star to indicate uncommitted changes. Also shows currently active version of node being used by nvm. Fairly colorful. Includes a random emoji at the beginning of the prompt line.
* **installed.md** <br />
  List of extra command line programs I have installed.
* **.zshrc** <br />
  Shell profile with customization for my setup. Includes a few alias settings and my fancy greeting.


# Not Included:

## Atom
  Atom has a plugin that sets up and manages its own syncing. Might try to move it into this repo at some point just for the sake of having it all in one place.

# Still need to add:
* bettertouchtool settings

Commit message:

changed fonts used in atom. linked article for details

README.md, after:

# Syncing up my various config files between computers

Setting up a new computer for work, and trying to find a better way to sync my tools and settings from home.

# Included Files:

## aText
* **Data.atext** <br />
  Settings and all my expandable text snippets from aText.

## iTerm2
* **Colors Folder**
  * **ForTheFishies.itermcolors** <br />
    Updated version of michelle that I like better when running asciiquarium. Brighter.
  * **michelle.itermcolors** <br />
    Custom colors I use in iterm.
* **com.googlecode.iterm2.plist** <br />
  Preference sync from iterm.
* **Resources.md** <br />
  Mostly links for things I found helpful while setting up iterm.

## ZSH
* **Themes Folder** <br />
  Contains theme(s) I have created.
  * **amichelle.zsh-theme** is my first and the one I currently use. Shows gitbranch and adds a red star to indicate uncommitted changes. Also shows currently active version of node being used by nvm. Fairly colorful. Includes a random emoji at the beginning of the prompt line.
* **installed.md** <br />
  List of extra command line programs I have installed.
* **.zshrc** <br />
  Shell profile with customization for my setup. Includes a few alias settings and my fancy greeting.


# Not Included:

## Atom
  Atom has a plugin that sets up and manages its own syncing. Might try to move it into this repo at some point just for the sake of having it all in one place.

  Checkout this article for my font setup with atom: [atom fonts](https://medium.com/@docodemore/an-alternative-to-operator-mono-font-6e5d040e1c7e)

# Still need to add:
* bettertouchtool settings
